hi everyone welcome to IVFs camp we were
in charge of the skin for ipfs camp
today we're going to talk about crass
sake it's a skin in two acts our first
act starts with Alice and Bob who are
currently going to bed swap
what are we drunk we're trying to pin
swap a chain called Q and chain and the
chain has blocks in it so Alice and Bob
are going to bid swap hey listen I'm
looking for that grade block you're that
great block it's okay I needed the red
block so if you can sit me over that red
block that'd be awesome
hey wait one more again is it listen
listen was an out I'm so sorry to
you calling in but I also looked at it
and I need that other be awesome thanks
yeah hey hey oh girl no it's me again I
know I'm sorry to keep calling you but
listen could you set that last one the
group the author great yeah no the other
great one yeah yeah yeah
ya know the gridlock yeah anyone have
the gray box anyone this concludes act 1
act 2 graphs Inc Bob and Alice are
trying to exchange QM chain I'm Bob and
I'm requesting for the queuing chain and
the people are blocked hey Alice do you
have the kill chain adieu very fine
ah no a very fine all right chick and
now bob has QM chain and in Austria
[Music]
[Applause]